one of my dad's favorite comics was
Stanhope he loves Stanhope I'll never
forget I did a show with Stanhope and
Syracuse actually and my dad was sitting
next to me while we're watching Stanhope
and he leaned over he was like man the
mind on this guy it's like one of the
brightest brightest people I've ever
heard in my life dad get out more
hey well he's he's in a grave now he's
only getting out was a ghost he's
probably a drunk ghost at some girl's
house right now cuz he can't find mine
Stanhope is getting ready to film
another special yeah very excited to
watch yeah it's gonna be great Santa was
he's like the I'd always like the
equalizer when it comes to what's going
on in society it just has a way of being
like boom this is what's going on with
gun control and with people being
offended by terminology and words here's
why it's ridiculous yeah he's good like
that
well he works you know he's a guy that
he and he works on his own schedule he
decides when to write when to perform
when the tour when to do and he was
always like I might just fucking retire
and then right back at it new special
coming out next year yeah he's always
he's always working he is always working
he has his own clubs oh yeah yeah he's
amazing I love watching him glad he's
out there cuz he's just like he's
basically an older version of the guy he
was like 20 plus years ago it's not only
it's not changed at all other than like
become more wacky yeah was fuckin goofy
suits
anybody that's fuckin suits every time I
see but here's the thing like that's one
of the things like he owns the so she
can wear the suit if you wear a goofy
suit like a really shitty suit like
Stanhope dusty peach colored suit with
ruffles he wears like loafers like an
old man from Caddyshack - yeah he looks
like he used to sell cars 20 years ago
and kept the outfit yeah and I love it
Frasier Smith's long-lost cousin he
looks like a ghost Toledo its cousin
from Toledo sells cars he looks like a
ghost from the Titanic he rents out
clowns
ya know shoes rockstar shoes but and
you're right that's his that's his thing
yeah that's his look no one can throw
suits and he's been rocking his look for
quite a while now
like he used to dress like a normal
person well semi I mean there was a
there was always a level of eccentric
yeah I could replace his entire wardrobe
for $40 yeah I mean you could get that
jacket for $2 and it's amazing that it
finds him all that seemed to be tailored
it's like he's a fraud he takes these
good thing he takes these shitty fabrics
to like a real high-end tailor and he
has them like slim fitted me get them
for 10 z5m he definitely get some nice
tailored look at that sure it's a bum
jacket that's sure it's not bummed
though it's all nice and it's nice and
clean but I'm saying it looks like a bum
that struck it rich real quick like he
got money fast and didn't know what to
do so I just bought the same suits but
cleaner